I
who are you general my name is Roy
Miller I'm a Chief Warrant Officer with
the US Army why are you here though I
came here to bring you in
you
what do you think you're doing here
emitter you're off reservation for a
reason what is I came here to find
weapons and save lives a little more
complicated than that well not to me it
is sorry dang wall street journal does
it make any sense i'm still coming up
empty no I read your articles you said
our source named Magellan met with US
officials prior to the war no I'm not
discussing sources who is Magellan
Magellan's our best source we ever had
have you ever even been to any of
Magellan sites no there's nothing there
chief we're here to do a job a reasons
don't matter they matter to me people
are dying out there I want to know why I
want to know what really happens to
they've gotta find majella you set up
whatever you need to set up on your end
I'm bringing a man I know what you did
we got a problem so long as he's up
there it's a threat we have a plan PGA
Tour no answer you're taken out I've got
him
no cats are missing
you have no idea who you're dealing with
here get with the program or get out of
my way
you're my prisoner I'm bringing you in
Green Zone
you